when I got the phone call to say that
they wanted me to be part of this year
strictly come dancing I always
absolutely beside myself and I still AM
it's just the most exciting thing if I
have to say one particular thing that
I'm really looking forward to it's just
learning all these incredible dancers
and what an amazing thing if I had to
say one person that I thought really
stood out I really enjoyed Rachel's
performance last year I'm not sure if I
know any of the names what I think and
I'm thinking of the Samba which is all
looks a bit fiddly and Trixie and that
one I think could be a bit scary to try
and pick up hi i'm ali bastian watch me
on Strictly Come Dancing this autumn on
BBC one